Web applications span a wide range of interactivity between a human user and a machine. Some applications are strictly one-way: the user just clicks through a series of pages presented by a server. From a developer’s perspective, this level of interaction is straightforward and easy to understand. But what about other, more interesting applications that allow the user to send data back to the server? In those types of applications, the data may be recorded in a database for later use, or it may be processed immediately to perform some action for the user and return a result.</p>
<p>Take the case of a browser user who is going to create a new document in a Domino database. The Domino Web server creates documents based on form designs stored in the database. To create a document, the user opens a form in a browser, fills it out, and clicks a button to transmit it. Sounds simple, right? Not at all. Many things happen before Domino actually saves the document to disk.</p>
Data has to be added to the document. The data is derived from information on the form, the user’s input, and possibly a parent document. The user may have sent a file that needs to be attached. An agent, possibly a complex LotusScript or Java program, may be executed on the document. Maybe the user wants the document to be mailed to someone else. Finally, some kind of response needs to be returned to inform the user that the document was saved — or maybe, because of a validation error, it wasn’t.</p>
If you are a Domino Web designer, it pays to know what’s happening behind the scenes of these interactive applications. You’ll create better applications and encounter fewer surprises. Knowing the exact sequence of events in document creation initiated from a Web browser helps you track down problems and tune your applications for best performance. </p>
To find out just what happens when your users create documents, read on! I’ll walk you through the entire process.</pP

