<h2>A Simple Example</h2>
Let’s consider a Web form for creating research reports and look at what happens, in broad outline, when a user opens this form on the
Web, fills it out, and then clicks the form’s Submit button.</p>
  Figure 1 shows the Domino Research Report form in design mode with one of its fields (the Statusfield) highlighted. This is a Keyword
field set to display Draft, Review, and Approved as radio buttons.</p>
  Let’s suppose that a member of the corporate Research Department named Susan Jones wants to create a new report. From her browser, she
enters this URL: </p>
    <h4>http://resdept/research.nsf/ Research+Report?OpenForm</h4>
  After receiving this OpenForm request, Domino returns an HTTP response to the browser that includes the HTML that actually defines the 
form. Figure 2 shows Domino’s complete HTTP response to the OpenForm request.</p>
  The browser uses the HTML in the response to build the form. Figure 3 shows how the form is displayed in Susan’s browser (Susan has 
already started to fill it out). When the form is complete,Susan clicks the Submit button to transmit the data to the server.</p>
  The HTTP protocol allows a browser to send data to a server using different request types and dataformats. How does Susan’s browser
know how to send the data to the Domino server? The answer is that Domino provides the instructions as part of the form’s HTML. 
In Figure2, take a look at the following FORM tag:</p>
<h4><pre>？FORM METHOD=post ACTION="/research.nsf/e3b9424b2d26cb4c8525652f003fd41c?CreateDocument"
ENCTYPE="multipart/form-data" NAME="_DominoForm"></pre></h4>



