<h3>Forms, Fields, Documents, and Items</h3>
In both Domino and HTML terminology, a form is a data-entry page consisting of a collection of data input fields, static text,
and graphics. In Domino, a form may include one or more “subforms.” Subforms may themselves include fields, but otherwise 
generally do not affect how documents are created and saved. For this reason, we will not consider subforms further in this article.</br>

In Domino terminology, a field is an element of a form design that defines the characteristics of a data entry area. A field 
specifies the type of data that may be entered; for example, Text or Number. A field also specifies whether the data is editable
by the user, or whether the data is computed by a formula.</br>

In HTML terminology, a field is also a data entry area on a form. HTML fields have their own set of characteristics. Most, 
but not all of these characteristics, are in common with Domino. When Domino sends a form to a browser, Domino automatically 
maps the properties of Notes fields to the closest HTML equivalents.</br>

A Domino document is a collection of data physically present on disk or in memory.  Each piece of data is called an item. 
Most of the items on a document are created and accessed through fields on a form. However, documents usually contain other 
items, such as the $UpdatedBy and Form items, which are maintained internally by Domino. These items do not appear in form 
designs and are usually not accessible to users.</br>

The important points to remember are that forms have fields; documents have items.</br>
